examples: Update NI-DCPower readme to describe the .env simulation process (#491)
ni/measurementlink-python: examples/nidcpower_source_dc_voltage/README.md

- NI-DCPower

> By default, this example uses a physical instrument. To use a simulated instrument, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: Move this content back to "Required Hardware". Don't move it to "Required Driver Software".

> By default, this example uses a physical instrument. To use a simulated instrument, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: Let's clarify the 1st line:
```suggestion
By default, this example uses a physical instrument or a simulated device created in NI MAX. To automatically create a simulated device when running the measurement or TestStand sequence, follow the steps below:
```

> By default, this example uses a physical instrument. To use a simulated instrument, follow the steps below:
> - Make sure to create a `.env` file in the current directory of the measurement file or any of its parent directories.
> - Add the following environment variables to the `.env` file to set up the simulation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this example uses a physical instrument. To use a simulated instrument, do the following:
- Create a `.env` file in the measurement service's directory or one of its parent directories (such as the root of your Git repository or `C:\ProgramData\National Instruments\MeasurementLink\Services`).
- Add the following options to the `.env` file to enable simulation via the driver's option string:
```

Reviewer 2: To make this even easier, why don't we just include a '.env' file in the root directory of each example with our preferred defaults and then tell the user, e.g. to just change
  MEASUREMENTLINK_NIDCPOWER_SIMULATE=0 to 1

and optionally change these settings if they want a different board type or model.
  MEASUREMENTLINK_NIDCPOWER_BOARD_TYPE=PXIe
  MEASUREMENTLINK_NIDCPOWER_MODEL=4141

Reviewer: `.env` is owned by the user and is in our `.gitignore` file.

I want to encourage users to share a `.env` file between multiple services.

How about this?
- Move `.env.simulation` to the `examples/` directory.
- Add `> **Note** To enable simulation for all of the examples, copy `.env.simulation` to `.env` in the examples directory.`

Reviewer 2: A related question I haven't been able to find an answer for: If you have multiple .env files in the hierarchy, what is the precedent of the variables in them? E.g. if I have a .env in my example directory and another one in the repo root, both with values for MEASUREMENTLINK_NIDCPOWER_SIMULATE, which one takes precedence?

Reviewer: BTW, enabling simulation with `.env` at the root of this Git repo makes some of the tests fail, so it may be better to put `.env.sample` in the `examples/` directory too. My only concern is that the `examples/` directory makes it less visible than keeping it in the root of the Git repo.

Reviewer: > A related question I haven't been able to find an answer for: If you have multiple .env files in the hierarchy, what is the precedent of the variables in them? E.g. if I have a .env in my example directory and another one in the repo root, both with values for MEASUREMENTLINK_NIDCPOWER_SIMULATE, which one takes precedence?

Only the first `.env` file is used. There is no merging of `.env` files.

Author: > BTW, enabling simulation with .env at the root of this Git repo makes some of the tests fail, so it may be better to put .env.sample in the examples/ directory too.

In case of test case failures, I would also suggest moving the `.env.sample` file to the `examples/` directory. Simultaneously, we can include the below note within the README file located in the examples directory to provide clear instructions:

> **Note** To enable simulation for all of the modular instrument and VISA examples, copy `.env.simulation` to `.env` in the examples directory.

This way, users can easily grasp how to enable simulation and consolidate the configuration into a single .env file, as the instructions are localized within the examples folder for clarity.

Reviewer: Sounds good. Adding a note to the README resolves my concern about discoverability.

Author: If we relocate the `.env.simulation` file to the `examples/` directory, it's better to also move the .env.sample file to the same directory. Keeping these files in different directories may confuse.

Please let me know if you have different thoughts.

Author: Moved both `.env.simulation` and `.env.sample` to the `examples/` directory.
